---
title: "Blogifesto"
date: 2022-07-03T02:29:06+01:00
draft: false
tags: [""]
---

Hipster coffee blend or lack of title ideas? The latter was the real reason, the former is a
possible future cash-in.

I've attempted to start this blog up multiple times, with this being its third version. The reason
behind me losing motivation twice is stupidly boring, but tl;dr I was writing absolutely everything
by hand before, and now I only have to design the layout once and the content can be written a lot
easier (for nerds, I am now using Hugo as a static site generator rather than writing pure static
HTML+CSS).

So why do I keep trying? No that's not a weirdly depressing stream-of-conscious, I keep trying to
start this blog up because I:

- Believe in an internet separate from unnecessarily bloaty SPAs - free from badly written, and even
  worse, client-side JavaScript
- Need a personal outlet.

I lack motivation to do things unless I codify them in some way, or am able to express them in some
way. I listen to the most music when I feel involved in certain online communities for small periods
of time, for example. Hopefully, a blog where I can write about music at least once a month, with an
area for more personal posts, can be somewhat of a catalyst, despite talking to a wall.

With the music-side of the site, I'm planning on doing a monthly roundup with ocassional longform
posts about whatever I'm interested at the time. Whether it's a band's entire history or what my
favourite mixes of certain Monkees albums are, I've been wanting to write about/produce music
content for a while, and I think I might be more suited towards writing about it in a more
self-gratifying way rather than trying to appeal to the weird (read as: shit) world of online music
discussion and content creation.

When it comes to the personal side, it's not going to be like reading a manifesto of the year's
shock "we didn't know they had it in them" news story, or like reading the transcription of a
therapy session where only the therapee is micced up, but rather posts like this about the blog
itself or a log of self-improvement, particularly with my ideas around personal programming projects
I want to do, hobbies I undertake, or maybe some day my learning of Japanese will stick for more
than 2 weeks and I'll write about that.

So yeah, that's my blogifesto. Maybe it'll be like the Labour 1983 election manifesto - one day when
capitalism collapses for the 500th time, you'll wish you paid more attention to it. More likely
scenario is, someone will click on this page by accident, click off it immediately, and never talk
to me again. At least we're back at square one by that point.
